#Q1
File to Use: ToyotaCorollaFinal.csv
It includes the sales price and other information on the car, such as its age, odometer mileage, fuel type, horsepower,
etc. There are more than 35 attributes in total, and more than 1400 records. Your goal is to
predict the price of a used car from the given data and specifications. For this purpose, use 50%
of the records for training, keep 30% for validation, and then use the remaining 20% of the
records for testing.

For the outcome variable Price, use the following predictor variable set: Car_Age, Odometer,
Fuel_Type, HP, Automatic, Doors, Qtr_Tax, Build_Guarantee, Guarantee_Months, Cold_Air,
Cold_Air_Auto, CD_Player, Powered_Windows, Sports, and Towing.

  A. From the above-mentioned predictors, which (say 3 or 4) are most important for predicting
  the price of the car.
  B. Now, the predictors that you deem most important, use them to assess the model
  performance (for predicting prices).


#Q2
File to Use: LawnMowers.csv
A marketing company is tasked by a lawn mower manufacturer to identify whether a given
household will be a prospective owner or not. The given file lists a sample of households that the
company collected classifying the households on the basis of Income (in $1000s) and Lot Size (in
1000 sq. ft).

  A. What type of regression is best suited in this case, and why?
  B. Create a colored scatter plot of Income vs. Lot Size and distinguish between owners and
  nonowners. Looking at the plot, owners have a higher avg. income, or nonowners?
  C. What are the chances that a household with a $50,000 income and a lot size of 25,000 sq. ft.
  is an owner?


#Q3 
File to Use: Airlines.csv
Frequent flier data for almost 4000 participants is listed in the file. It includes the participants’
mileage history, and how the miles were attained (e.g. using Credit card, etc.) or spent in the
previous year. Our goal is to look for groups of passengers that may have some underlying
commonalities for the purpose of targeted marketing.

  A. Apply hierarchical clustering on the given data (normalize the data first). How many clusters
  appear?
  B. If you don’t normalize, what happens then?
  C. Cluster stability check: Remove 5% of the data randomly (i.e. take a random sample of 95%
  of the records), and repeat the analysis. Does the dendrogram look the same?
  D. Use k-means clustering with the number of clusters that you found in part A. Are the results
  comparable/similar?
  E. Which clusters would you target for offers, and what types of offers would you target to
  customers in that cluster?


#Q4
File to Use: Groceries.csv
The file contains information collected from a one-month operation of a real-world grocery store.
It contains 9835 transactions (rows) and 169 unique items (columns) bought by the customers.
Conduct a market basket analysis on the given dataset with a support of 0.005, and confidence
of 0.15. Use transactions that have a minimum of three items in them.

  What is the total number of rules you get?
  Now sort the rules by lift, and state the top most rule in Normal English. 
